From the Chrome vertical dots menu, choose More Tools , then Developer Tools, 
and then click the Audits tab. Choose which audits you want Lighthouse to perform, and 
click Run audit. 
Lighthouse provides one or more comprehensive reports that detail your page's performance 
characteristics.

Lab data is performance data collected within a controlled environment with predefined device and 
network settings, while Field data is performance data collected from real page loads experienced 
by your users 
in the wild. 
Each type has its own strengths and limitations.
Lab data offers reproducible results and a debugging environment, but might not capture 
real-world bottlenecks and cannot correlate against real-world page KPIs. With lab data, 
you need to understand your users' typical devices and networks and appropriately mirror 
those conditions when you test performance. Have in mind that even in areas with 4G, users 
may still experience slower or intermittent connections when in elevators, while commuting, 
or in comparable environments.
Field data (also called Real User Monitoring or RUM) captures true real-world user experience 
and enables correlation to business KPIs, but has a restricted set of metrics and limited 
debugging capabilities.
Tools #
Lab data #
Lighthouse takes a URL and runs a series of audits against the page, generating a report 
on how well the page did. There are multiple ways to run Lighthouse, including an option to 
easily audit a page from within Chrome DevTools.
Field data #
Chrome User Experience Report (CrUX) provides metrics showing how real-world Chrome users 
experience popular destinations on the web.
Other tools #
PageSpeed Insights provides both lab and field data about a page. It uses Lighthouse to 
collect and analyze lab data about the page, while real-world field data is based on the 
Chrome User Experience Report dataset.
Chrome Developer Tools is a set of web developer tools built directly into the Google Chrome browser. 
It allows you to profile the runtime of a page, as well as identify and debug performance bottlenecks.


